Spelling and whitespace corrections (#540)
Zokrates/ZoKrates: zokrates_book/src/reference/cli.md

./zokrates compile -i /path/to/add.zok
```

Compiles a `.zok` source code file into ZoKrates internal representation of arithmetic circuits.

Creates a compiled binary file at `./out`.
Unless the `--light` flag is set, a human-readable `.ztf` file is generated, which displays the compilation output in ZoKrates Text Format.

## `compute-witness`

```sh
./zokrates compute-witness -a 1 2 3
```

Computes a witness for the compiled program found at `./out` and computes arguments of the program.

> A witness is a valid assignment of the variables that include the results of the computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A witness is a valid assignment of the variables, including the results of the computation.
```

Author: Fixed at be09f6d
